
 NOTES FOR THE FUTURE 
 
 Microsoft is now pushing for its new format XPS; WinVista comes with a virtual
 XPS printer by default and an XPS printer can be installed also on WinXP.
 The XPS format is XML-based thus it should be easy to transform it in SVG format.
 The user would thus print first in XPS document using MS's own virtual printer
 and then using an XPS->SVG converter would get the final SVG.
 For more info about XPS:
   www.microsoft.com/whdc/xps/default.mspx

 INSTALLER

 -> disable nsis installer window when emfprinter_inst.exe is running
 -> fix the worker thread logic

 DRIVER

 -> write the SVG output support
 -> fix the wait window (creating it from a secondary thread which
    just processes the wait wnd messages would be much more clean!)
 -> remove spooler-format-only EMF records from generated EMFs!
    (probably a new mode should be added to emfutils and then the driver
     could just do a post-process using it)
 -> printing from some programs like MSWord does not work perfectly.
    In particular on WinXP printing MSWord's draw stuff (Wordart scripts
    for example) produces wrong output. Perhaps because of wrong driver
    settings which force MSWord to send to the spooler "wrong" (e.g. black
    and white only) data??
    Printing from Notepad, MSPaint, Firefox and a few other apps has been tested
    successfully instead.
 
 DRIVER UI
 
 -> eventually fix the copy between the internal devmode and the given devmode
    in DrvDocumentSheet 
 -> make the DPI of the printer configurable: when printing in a raster format
    through ImageMagick the final file is typically huge because the high DPI
    values; when rasterizing the DPI should be lower!

 EMFUTILS
 
 -> do the TODO :)
 -> add an xpsconvert mode which converts XPS documents to EMFs/SVG.
    XPS is the new Microsoft's document format.
    Virtual XPS printers exist for WinXP and is shipped by default with
    Windows Vista. XPS docs are XML docs and are fully documented.
    An XPS => SVG converter should be easy to create.
